
- rgb_led_setter: I connected three potentiometers to the Arduino board in order to read their values in my program. After that, I placed an RGB led on the breadboard and tied it through wires with the power source. Each potentiometer is in charge with one of the led's colors, being able to set the intensity of light emmited by the led in the respective hue. By doing so, I would be able to control every color distinctly.

- knock_detector: I created a sound detector, structered in two phases, which uses two Piezzo buzzers. In phase entitled "before", the passive buzzer senses a knock produced nearby. After exactly 5 seconds, a signal is sent to the active buzzer, which starts playing a song, making the program enter in the phase called "after". The Piezzo continues playing the song, repeating it it as many times as wanted, and only stops when the push button is pressed. As the melody is turned of the detector is brought agin to phase "before", waiting once again to feel a knock.

- 4sevenSegments_display_controller: This time I assembled a small device, designed based on two main components, a "4 seven-segments" display and a joystick. Thus, the user will be able to modify the number exposed on the screen as they please, with complete freedom regarding the order in which to set the values of the four digits. By moving the joystick along the Ox axis (up and down in this case), the blinking decimal point will go through each of the four screens, in the targeted direction, waiting for the user to choose the digit they would like to set next, moving the joystick along the Oy axis (left and right in this case). Following the operation of pressing the push-button on the joystick for fixing the current position of the controller, the user will be able to navigate the numbers from 0 to 9 and settle on the desired one. Pressing the button once again, the blinking decimal point is free to move and the user can choose another digit to modify.

- Game Menu: I prepared a regular game menu, a template to an interactive list of options for a basic game. It includes a Main Menu which allows the player to choose between Starting a New Game, Checking The Highest Score Reached on The Device and Set Both The Level and The Name they are going to play under at that specific time. At the beginning of a new game,  the number of lives left, the current level and the achieved score are displayed on the screen. As the game further progresses, the information gets updated and a Congregation Message is shown in the end. Technically, a player can control the menu using a joystick as well as consult the display on the screen provided by a 2x16 LED. Video: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1MjZOWTzP5zi_Zb4W7tElOUyxUn8JP85x
